218	Yeah, I am actually, yeah, yeah. Ok, so just so that I’ve got the story straight, this all began about 6 months ago, before that had you had anything like this? No, not at all, I mean, I think we had a new manager at work, I work in a bank actually, and then we had a new computer system put in and so it became very much more stressful for all the staff, not just me, - and I can sort of see I was under a lot more pressure.
1101	the things that you feel like nothing is going to come of this anyway? It is. And it's also feeling frustrating to spend like a couple of hours and all I can say is, "I looked through the job boards for this, this and this." Mm. "And there was nothing. And that time is gone and I still don't have a job." Mm. It's just, yeah, it's feeling daunting and exhausting. Yeah.
1225	it's unfortunate he couldn't step out to help you, but..." She felt like it went back to his...he and Ivan are more friends than anything which is...I don't know how I feel about that but I mean he was not at all able to be...it wasn't like an initial hysteria and then he calmed down, like had a plan. No... So he was hysterical on the phone? He wasn't like sobbing and...but he was really emotional and he was very clear that he wanted me to call
1472	I am, Ok. - yeah, just talking about it. I can feel it starting to come up. Right, take your time. So, your heart starts to race, it really beats really fast and you feel like you can’t catch your breath, is that right? Yeah, that’s exactly it. How long’s all this been going on for? I think it’s probably about six months, basically, yeah. Right, Ok and can you remember what happened to start it all off?
1482	Well, you have two months. I have two months. That's true. I've taken June off and I think that was a good call; but maybe I'll be regretting that decision the end of August. Perhaps between now and then, thinking about what it is that really needs to get done and setting reasonable goals in a timely way it doesn't make sense to pack up everything now. There may be things you need, but thinking about what needs to get done and what can get done.
1848	I mean, in reality, I guess I'm not doing everything. Sometimes he does things but I think, I still think it's pretty unbalanced. It feels a bit lopsided. Yeah. It's not like I take down and write every time I've cooked or he's cooked dinner for me or stuff. So... I could be wrong about this but I don't think I am. That's... Certainly it's the story that I've been hearing in here for quite a while. Yeah.
1872	that's my point of giving up because I don't want to sit and wait for three hours for a website to load and wonder if the application even got in. So I don't actually... And then that one was posted on like the like Archives listserv thing anyways so a bunch of other archivists were also applying. So... I think it wasn't the end of the world not to apply for it. And it was... And it wasn't something that I was like really, really excited about. So...
1899	she hoped that maybe now, Madison would learn a lesson about peeing in the bed; having to sleep in pissed-smelling sheets. And I was just like so horrified; so immensely horrified, like, “Sure, you want to teach your kid not to wet the bed.” And since Madison had been sleeping completely dry for like two years, like, it’s pretty clearly acting out, because she’s unhappy about the divorce. But the answer is
1933	Mm hmm.So the new foster mom, her name is Kelly. And she’s, she gave birth to the kittens a week ago today, or a week ago yesterday. And like right before she was giving birth…like she started acting like really crazy like, you know, like she had been really nice and letting people pet her, but like acting crazy like if you stop petting her she’ll attack you.
2032	Well my mother died right after we were married about eleven years ago. Or maybe ten...it was right before I started my position with the accounting firm. My father passed just before we were married, while I was still in college. My siblings are both living and healthy. Do you think the counting and washing increased before you started your job? Well...yes it did. Before your mother passed?
2048	"Don't you want to play?" She went, "Mama, mama, mama, mama." So I just sat down and waited it out. Luckily Jess was only ten minutes. It's hard being the daddy. Yeah. She doesn't see me often enough. How often do you see her? I haven't seen her since Saturday. Once or twice a week? Yeah, and not always for long periods of time. Sometimes she won't interact with me if she's cranky.
2087	Fine. This is all new. This is foreign territory. I've never done anything like this before. I'm doing everything I'm taking a risk by choosing this opportunity to benefit fromREBT in my life, because I think it is something for the better for me, but I don't have to necessarily get it or know it right away, or even in 12 sessions. It might take 12 sessions to understand it and then another, maybe, 12
2367	Yeah, well, assuming not rush hour. But it's enough to stop me from just doing it. I mean, that also could be the... I mean, I have gone to my place for a few hours and dyed yarn. So... I don't know. I could apply for jobs when I'm at his place and dye yarn when I'm at my place or something. But as of yet, I haven't gotten a good system to motivate myself other than the, you know, I will apply to one job a week system which...
10042	Hello there, I’m one of the new physicians in the practice... First of all, what would you like me to call you? Oh, June’s fine, yeah. Ok. Right, so what is it that’s brought you to see me today? Well, it’s the same thing that I see Dr. Jones about, it’s my heart. Yeah, yeah, I understand that you’ve been in to see him a few times over the last few months.
10168	The second thing I want to mention in relation to what you said about ten minutes ago, when you said that you feel depressed tell me: that is the cue for us asking yourself "what?" What or why? What. What would you ask yourself when you recognize that you are feeling depressed. What is the mantra when we recognize we're feeling an unhealthy emotion? That I'm a fallible human...
10182	Yeah, it was just kind of weird. Yeah. So, also, there’s going to be a whole week of this, and I had planned to be supportive and show my face and now I’m thinking “You know, I don’t have to do that”. Especially since, like, so there’s been super low turnout, and people in the building haven’t bothered to show, so I think I... Yeah, you’re done. Yeah. Okay. I’m going to continue thinking on your comment of was I just getting super critical because I was mad.
10263	Yeah, where you feel you have this fantasy that you're completely helpless. Fantasy? Yeah. "Oh my god, I have no fucking clue what I'm doing with the pinewood derby car. They don't give us much direction. The scout leader is kind of scatterbrained. I don't know if we have the paint to paint on wood. It's this Saturday, five days from now, whatever."
10300	when you were trying to apply for jobs. All the way from the beginning was that you were going expect something was going to work out within the first month or two even. Mm hm. Pretty much every single person who applies for a job in whatever field right now, the average time to get a job is six to eight months at least. Right? That is the state of affairs in employment. It's incredibly competitive. There are people applying for jobs who are extremely over qualified. There are people who are applying for jobs that then get filled internally.
10479	"Oh, we're going to sleep at my place tonight," then it's like, "Oh, I'm too sick to go over," and then I'm like, "Okay, fine. We stay at your place another night and, you know..." It's a lot harder to motivate myself to go over to my place and dye yarn then to already by at my place and then dye yarn because it's a whole like fifteen minute drive to my place and then I have to drive back. I guess it's not that long of a drive but like it's still... It doesn't sound like a very long commute.
10506	And if she does? And if you do, it is not the end of the world, and you'll survive as will I. No one is going to die... Probably. ...Because I was a couple of minutes late. We hope. Yeah, we hope. I'm joking. OK. You realized that, right? Yeah, I did. And then what was the second one was that I was
10886	Is it that your time will help more on a lower dose of Wellbutrin? Not really. Like it was just step one, step two and then wait 'til then - Well, then that's why you're checking with her to see what - Yeah, it was just a week you know, okay so I did the, you know, switching to a lower Wellbutrin like a day or two early, but now it's been almost two weeks since the appointment with the week of the Klonopin, the week of the lower Wellbutrin. It's not
10970	like one way our relationship is skewed. And then another is that like you just don’t talk much about yours. One of the struggles over the last several weeks is I feel like has been trying to, for me, trying to like take away the barriers to intimacy that I have made so that the ones that remain are natural in some sense of the ones that you aren’t supposed to like the ones I’ve made up for you to
11018	Usually I'm pretty comfortable being mad and critical at the sermons. I have been kind of the skeptic in the pew for a long time, but on this topic I'm anxious about it. I would really like this to mean something, but I just don't think it does. What do you mean by its meaning something? In other words, I guess one of the things that occurs to me is one sort of meaning, which is often the way we talk about it, is more like how does it work?
11053	Yeah, I would have that diagnosed by a — you know, the best bet is a neuropsychologist who does testing or at least a screening. The second best bet is an actual mental health clinician. It could be a social worker, psychologist or psychiatrist. Way to poo-poo on her parade. She's had this appointment for six months. What do you want me to say?
11088	So the following week has been a little bit strange. So... yeah. A whole lot of people have been excited for me and congratulatory and all of that. It took me most of Wednesday to fly back, most of Wednesday to fly back last week, because when I booked the flights I was... A lot of travel. I had sort of thought that I would be very pleased afterwards. And certainly after I finished the dissertation and sent it off I had very like intensely peaceful feelings. That was really nice.
11308	I didn't mean to disturb your reverie. No, that's okay. Thanks very much. Okay. So I will see you in two weeks. Okay. Good luck next week at your conference. It'll go fine. I'm sure it will. All right. Bye. Sure.
11546	Now that and Aimee are gone, Aaron is on grocery shopping. There's maybe a box of pasta in the downstairs area where there should be all the pasta, so Aaron hasn't really been keeping up. Eating at my place would require a lot more planning and stuff and doesn't really work when I've just gotten home from work and it's like, "Oh, we have two hours." Yeah, that one is a problem. If I'm going to spend more time at my place it would probably be on the nights that I don't have work.
11563	Even in my own university, I was with him. And he and I were traveling together. So yea, I mean, in a place like India, it's a bit risky for a single woman to go about on her own. I mean, they do it all the time. But it's just like I haven't been there in a long time. So it for me, it's a bit scary. So it's nice that he was there with me. Yea, but how can I feel secure if I have if I'm a sidekick. Well, it's funny. Isn't it funny? It's ironic because he's there to make me feel secure. But then I feel insecure because I'm not the hero myself. I'm not Batman.
11626	Yeah. Nothing adds up. So, I just want to stay away from it. I must have read four-hundred pages in the last twenty-four hours. Mm hm. And in other ways understanding doesn't necessarily help. So... It's interesting. It's distracting sometimes.
11635	I’ve been suicidal all along. Like for the past few weeks. But not as suicidal as I was when I was not on the Seroquel. So I think it’s helping. The past few days, what, when you say suicidal, what does that really mean? How long have the thoughts been, what level have the thoughts been? Was more like I was kind of really sad, but usually like not that long. But they weren’t just like instant and go away. They were like maybe like five minutes or so.
11688	Not in like I portion control or I make food the night before, but I spend all day thinking about food. Huh. I'll wake up in the morning and the first thing I think about is okay, what am I going to have for breakfast and when am I going to have it, and then what am I going to have for lunch, and if we're going out to dinner, it's like okay, what am I going to have for breakfast and lunch
11982	Oh, fun. So I can see Melanie. So, I will be gone a week. Okay. So, I will see you in two weeks then? Yes. Okay. Great. Take care.
12154	to up the level of impact in your daily life. His mood swings. This is where I also think like even if you're not going to separate spaces right now how to start develop some space for you even if you're going to be living in the same space. How to say you won't then spend the evening together, you know what I mean?
12479	if it doesn't take forever for me to do stuff at the bus stop like walking around for a bit until Sydney is out of his therapy today. Yesterday, actually, in the evening I walked for a half hour. I intended it to be a small trip and then I stayed out for a half hour. I was walking for most of that.
12543	I think in her case she feels like she ought to do something but isn't quite clear what it is. And that has set up some sort of guilt cycle that prevents her from speaking to me except when she's really drunk. It's not... So I guess, in thinking about the whole thing, if this were a weekend where they were all coming... because no one's life is in a particularly wonderful place right now, and everyone was like, let's just leave everything behind and have a really good time and focus on these people who are getting married, I can get behind that in some sense.
12698	that are mixed are going to be a problem, but maybe if I spend a day dying a bunch of yarn and using up all the mixed dyes then I can make that more packable. That sounds like a reasonable thing to think about and maybe setting aside time to do that dying. It is reasonable up until the point that maybe those colors might not all go together and then if I have to mix up other colors, usually I end up with more empty containers than I started with. I guess if I was really purposeful and don't care if I make really ugly color combinations, I could do it. You probably care about that, though.
12703	Okay. A little, actually we started a couple minutes, so it's seven minutes. It's so interesting because in some ways it's sort of making explicit, "Here's what I need to be taken care of. Can you do this thing?" And not only can you do it, but can I take it in then? What is it like when this need gets met? Have you thought of anything?
13061	A, that's not what they were doing, because it's not like they're normally dealing with their issues, so it's not like leaving them behind is a change. And B, David's approach to the weekend was to try to mend fences with all of his siblings who are not... someone's always fighting among his siblings. There are, like, six of them, so to... so it's...
13138	been that long since they've been here? Maybe I'm misestimating. So I guess Amanda was here in February, so that's been about six months. David was here maybe in March. So... maybe April. One of those two. So four to six months, yes. So it's been that long since they've been here. They've been in touch with Tanya and talking with her, which is good, but essentially not communicating with me at all, which
13143	And, yet, it was easier, in a way, because I could be proud of his, you know, great education, of his incredible work ethic. The fact that he owned and ran his own business completely by himself. Yeah. The fact that he was coming home, you know, at an ungodly hour but he just delivered a, you know, new something or other. He just saved some animal's life. He just did some crazy four hour surgery. Hm.
13144	no regard for there is a past or if there well, regard for the past, definitely, but no regard for the future. But I think my thinking is opening in that direction a little bit. And I actually do feel like or a sense that oh, I guess I'm sad right now and it feels awful. But maybe I won't feel so awful in a few hours or in a few days. I don't know. That's quite a change. Is it?
13448	No, it really didn’t. I mean he was like oh we can take –because we still have some boxes like my parents came up over the weekend and helped, but I still have some boxes and don’t really have a place to put them. So it would have been too hard to move everything out in time. So if you got creative, what could be a choice that you could make? That doesn’t feel like a choice, having people over. But is there something else you could do? Maybe to celebrate belatedly on another day? Probably yes.
13493	were going to be denied services, because they’re not really sick. And she has to restart the whole evaluation and diagnostic process over with a new therapist. I was like – She’s got a lot of horrible circumstances going on, but like she spent any hour telling me about she’s an academic failure, when she just got tenure. She’s deeply depressed, like borderline suicidally depressed, and I don’t really know what I can do to help her, other than encourage her to go find a therapist of her own,
13589	Yeah, especially since I found a place so I'm not even worrying about that. There's a little bit of move-date parts that are stressing me because I've tried two companies and one was going to be for September 1st like $248 an hour with a six-hour minimum, which was going to be over $1,000. I'm pretty sure my move can be done in three-to-four hours. The company that I did end up going with,
13822	Because when I do feel the depression it's not usually from thinking about any of those stressors, it's just from nowhere. Nothing that I can think of is actually triggering it. Maybe there are times where I got more upset, like when I got upset with Sydney on Wednesday night about the "now you tell me that your housemates don't want me around as much instead of listening to me months ago;"
14224	Hello Jessa. Hi. I want to hear whatever you're wanting to tell me and also I'd like to know about the homework but before that, a few days ago we had a quickie emergency session didn't we? Yes we did. It lasted about thirty minutes or so. I was not able to record it at the time. Would you mind sharing what happened, how you felt, what we did, what you did and what happened afterward? Sure.
14436	Yeah. So you sound like you're at your whit's end Ramona. If your saying you can't not let some of these things go for a month, do you know what I mean? That this is that important? For example, what if you were to separate? I don't mean divorce, I don't mean we're in a separation I just mean living...you went and lived with your sister for a month or something like that or he went and got his own apartment for a month?
14443	The words are horse, basketball and car. Do you often feel suicidal and can you recall what exactly triggered the attempt last night?I’m not suicidal. Sometimes I cut myself to feel the pain and release it. In the past I cut too deep, but got stitched up. Would you be willing to see the therapist again and try the Dialectical Behavioral Therapy and a new medication? This is the help I can offer you today.
14806	She made him do this like ten-week counseling program to try to repair their relationship anyway. And I tried telling her like, “This is not fair to him. Even if he’s wrong about calling you abusive, and I think he is, and even if he’s being a kind of a dick about this, if he wants to be out of the relationship, he gets to be out, and he doesn’t owe you an explanation.” I’m like, “It would be nice if he did out of respect for like the ten years you were together, but you know, he
14915	So he ended up taking more like four AM or whatever instead of two AM or something and like it was at least a two hour time difference if not longer. I think it was even one AM that he could have taken it but like, you know, he's acknowledged that he's like, you know he's told me before that he wouldn't do it again and he does it again. It's just like so frustrating. I'm like, "Why do you keep on doing this?" Because he's like, you know, being so immature. Like he doesn't want to face the day or whatever. He wants some alone time right now at like really late
14944	Write a cover letter. Yeah, I mean I used to have like you know, I get out of here and my thing is at 12:30 and it'll take like maybe 20 minutes to get down to the downtown crossing so I could theoretically like look and see if there was one thing to write a cover letter for but the deadline would have been for This is true. But, since I have you here today I thought I'd ask. So I have not actually been looking for things, yeah, but I could in theory write one cover letter, maybe, if there's something there's probably something.
15000	what we did. We went and had dinner and went to one of their apartments, and I gave them the drugs, and that was in that moment, I was like, I'm never doing this stuff again. I tried to do it once more when I went to Geneva, a couple weeks later, for my semester abroad, and while I was in
15032	Like Lucille when she starts soccer she'll be much better than when Ian started soccer because she's already been kicking around a ball. Lucille's another year-and-a-half; it'll be twoand-a-half years before she can play. Instead of being cranky sitting in her little stroller, at some point she'll become more wanting to play and run around.
15190	you suggested I have a tendency to despair. This... Go ahead. You agreed like you were going to say something. Well, that abol , that the disappointment slides into that. Yeah, I that’s right. And so, you know, I’ve been working on it. Describing that as a thing that happens is, has been helpful and also you... we spend a lot of time talking about things could be non-ideal
15288	attack while I was high on cocaine, totally possible, because I can't really separate the two. But it's that same feeling that I get when and it happened a couple nights ago too. It's been hard for me to start eating again, because for a month, every time I ate, I got really sick, because I have an ulcer.
15361	Tell me what's new? I'm feeling pretty proud of myself right now. I woke up this morning and I was really not doing well. I slept two hours later than I meant to because I'd wake up and I'd be like, "I can't get up. I can't do this," and then go back to bed and set my alarm for another half an hour. I'm sure James really likes that.
15433	after like years of working towards it. But she feels like a failure, because she hasn’t published enough papers, and she had to step down from like some leadership position in her department. And she’s going through another divorce, and her kid is severely autistic. Because her kids’ therapist had been embezzling the insurance for like six years, the government decided that all of his therapist patients
15450	So it’s like in the last couple to three weeks even, I’ll be like in this awful place, just totally miserable and desperate and kind of crazy-making and then I go to do something, usually it was something for church, and act like I’m okay and after about a half hour somebody will ask “how are you doing?” and I’ll be like “oh, I’m great.”
15570	And how are you doing today? I’m doing okay. Had a…last Tuesday I had a breakdown at work where I was fine in the morning. I was fine for most of the afternoon. And then towards the end of the last like hour that I was working, I started like shaking. And then I realized that I was panicking. I was able to hide this from everybody, but ended up, you know, leaving an hour early, which, I mean, isn’t that abnormal for me, especially because right now hurts my hands.
15599	Getting specific timeframes where you work on things. And just be thinking of this as this is part of what you're doing in the backdrop. I don't know if it feels like you have to get another job in the meantime. If you knew, for example, right now it's going to take eight months until you find a job. Yeah.
15628	Well that's been working the past couple weeks so it sounds like sticking with that and not changing that but if you want to add something to it. Now that you've done it successfully a couple weeks in a row... Yeah. ...you could maybe add something to it but I wouldn't take away something that's working. Yeah. But right now I'm like having trouble finding a job for to apply to this week. This week. Well it's Monday.
15653	And then they get to take that where they want. They can say, "Sorry to hear you've been looking for a while. I don't know of anything," or they can say, "Oh, I don't know. But my friend is friends with whoever. I'll drop her an e-mail." That's not a lot of effort for that person to make. Okay. Or, "Oh, I saw in my Twitter feed that such and such is hiring." Yeah. You know, they may not have to do much more than that.
16174	Kind of been thinking about, you know, yeah if I really do have ADD, how much different my life would have been if this had been discovered, you know, 30 years ago, 20 years ago, 10 years ago, five years ago, two years ago, a year ago, six months ago, you know. Six weeks ago. Yeah. So that was kind of bothering me a bit. Are you upset with me for not wondering about it?
16212	but farthest away from the door and give yourself an extra couple of minutes at each spot. And that can build in, you know. Just 10 minutes of walking during the day, just by doing a couple of things like that. And that’s a manageable way, you know, to be able to walk in places that probably have been plowed. You know they’re going to plow the parking lot. The parking garage is covered  Yeah. And gives you just a few minutes of being a little bit more active; maybe a little bit of fresh air here and there. That’s a way that you can be more in control of what you’re able to do.
16268	My mother was a very neat and kept person. She was very particular about how she kept house and her personal appearance. My dad was a salesman and was well kept, but not more than other people I guess. My siblings, a brother and sister, are messier than I am, most definitely. Are there any forms of abuse in your past as a child or in your current life as an adult? No. No physical or sexual abuse at all. Have you experienced any major losses or grieving?
16841	spit up some phlegm in the morning but usually you don't throw up, like, dinner in the morning, do you? Only when I order Chinese food, because I eat too much, so it's still in my stomach, you know, 12 hours later, 8 hours later, whatever. It's happened once before. And I woke up yesterday, I had no nausea whatsoever. So I was a little surprised because I figured I was dehydrated
17097	And now Yeah, I do. The thing is other people get paid to do exactly what I'm doing. Huh. But by the time I joined the study I feel like she's out of grant money. Oh. So I'm not getting fifteen dollars an hour, I'm getting nothing. It's just frustrating but it's good for my resume. Yeah. And now Friday I start orientation for patient advocacy at Walter Reed. Okay.
17568	No, that's right. That's right. It's sort of like, through the lens of the illness I have come to see this more clearly or something. Yes. Yeah. And that is... yeah, no, I think that's a really nice insight I was not... That thought flitted through my head once two days ago, and I haven't looked at it since. And I think that visiting her family and being frustrated by, like, everyone in her family, like, extended family included, being... having a particular sense of ethic is...
17579	of that it was a very huge, pivotal point in my life, and then when I got better and actually met, had like a girlfriend and everything, pretty much three months later all of this started to happen. The physical symptoms?
17731	had stopped taking it Friday or before so while I really don't think that that is like a primary driver of her depression and just all of the turmoil of the last couple of years, she did have a goiter in part of her thyroid removed and has been doing thyroid suppression therapy since about the time we got married. So it fits right into the same time window as everything else.
17740	Do you think if you can step back and be a little objective in considering that that what you held was somewhat of an unrealistic expectation? Yes. Disappointing, but yes. The good news is you're probably going to live a little bit longer, oh at least 90 years -that was a joke
17805	It’s on the…it’s on the third floor, but the ground floor is one, so it’s two; two flights up. So those are ways to look for little bits more. Uh huh. Maybe on days when you’re not carrying as heavy of a load, choosing the stairs up on the way. Choosing the stairs up as well as choosing the stairs down are little ways for you to take control of where you can get in just a little bit more movement in your day.
17902	Let’s give the Seroquel some more time to work. You’ve been on it for a week. It sounds like it’s helping a little. Let’s see what happens. How has things like, I know it’s been snowy. Have you been able to exercise at all. No, I haven’t. Because that’s sometimes, you know, when that’s more available to you, that can really help because the tightness is muscles. Right. That’s a muscle tightening that you’re feeling. It’s really uncomfortable. It’s not dangerous, but it’s really uncomfortable. And that’s something that exercise can really help with.
18032	You said, you know. I don't know. I was thinking about something else. Cameron, I don't think you have enough self-confidence in yourself when it comes to lots of things. We already knew that. How does that explain why I have a ton of laundry that I needed to do two weeks ago? I think you feel kind of crummy about yourself as a result
18098	Last night, I had an hour long conversation with my friend Vanessa, who just gotten tenure last week
18126	he always seems like current time or jag, but there’s no guarantee about the next one will come. Yeah. Sorry I’m taking a little time to figure this out. Okay. I’ll be. I could probably go home to stare at the wall, so you know, I can do that here.  Do you have a? No. I don’t know
18128	This all happened this week so if you wallowed for two weeks and then I'd say, well it's starting to look like depression because it's stuck around for so long. But sticking around for most of a week is still considered within normal range for reacting to sad news and difficult things. Yeah, I mean on my little run this morning I decided it's better than what could have happened last year and I think it has mostly because Josh was a reason.
18149	On any given, any given relationship any given day, you're not being selfish by having your sister wait a little bit while you try on clothes. It could be if she said to you, "Ramona, I have thirty minutes and then I have to be out of here because I have a job interview. So let's do thirty minutes and then " You know, say you were driving her. And then you kept trying on clothes and totally ignoring her deadline. I'm guessing that's not what happened. Right? No, no. She didn't say she had limited time.
18186	Parenting a regular little kid looks different from what they’re doing. I mean it’s not obvious from this, but I mean I’m child trained, and I until a few years ago, saw kids, you know, and. Parenting; it can be incredibly hard, and hard to know how hard it can be to parent a difficult kid,
18301	wait until you have run out and get it a few days later, but There are a couple of questions that I have. One is what are you worried about in sort of saying in the moment when you're feeling upset about something like this? I mean we've talked since when Tanya was here that she has a hard time handling me being upset and so like I am concerned that me being angry is going to impact her negatively in a dangerous way. Is the dangerous part the important part?
18330	It seems very honest. Yeah. Like, you know, it'd be one thing if I knew like going into this relationship that he had really low libido but like when he's not depressed he doesn't and he's starting to get better but then he had like a cold that like, you know, he's had for three weeks and so that's making things hard even if he is getting better mentally. Like he's not better physically and...
18438	I mean we woke up and the car battery was dead because he couldn't remember to turn off the light. I mean he's been using shampoo to wash his body for over a month because he can't remember to take his new bar of soap into the shower. I mean things actually happen that affect me so it's not like we've been down the road, I can let it go, or I should let it go and it just falls on him and maybe he'll learn consequences, the whole...It doesn't happen. He doesn't get worked up about the consequences, I do and they affect me too.
18532	But I choose sleep. So, I don’t really know how to do anything. My whole life is falling apart. You’ve got a lot of challenges right now, so let’s just focus on one piece. Like you said, it’s hard to make all of the right decisions, which sometimes feels harder to make. So let’s take it just a couple of days at a time and focus on making one or two decisions that feel like they’re towards health. So it’s Wednesday evening and you said you had some, you have some plans. You’re going to go to your mom’s after the doctor on Friday. Yeah.
18768	Were you treated for depression or any other mental issues in the past, such as after your mother’s passing? No. I just recently went to Dr. Green because this is becoming too much. Would you be willing to try medication, Cognitive Behavioral Therapy, and Exposure and Response Prevention therapy to begin changing these behaviors? Yes. If it will help me stop this and be able to have my life back.
18791	It’s all related because I do have all of those things. But the actual how it came to be is… Some time ago I asked you whether this would be your first child and you said it would be your first biological child. So a couple of weeks ago, then, I sort of…and I phrased that question very carefully to avoid asking the question that I then later asked to like…I did that because. Anyway.
18897	And suggested that that had been true for that it had never not been true. You know, it sounds sort of ridiculous, but I think I don't think she's correct about that. I think there was a period of time where it certainly was not every couple or three days or something. I'm not sure that's really the important point, though.
19088	I don’t know. I don’t know. I guess there’s just been a lot of stress and I’m worried. I don’t know. Because I know one his really good friends— I think his name is Harris. I usually always contact him when I’m worried about Stephen, but he was out of town. Yeah. I don’t know. His roommate is—I don’t know. Never get the phone. his phone is always off. So, whenever I try to contact him, I’m always—I don’t know. It’s only been ten years later. I don’t know.
19248	He can do it because he doesn't feel uncomfortable eating in his room, but it does seem problematic that he's feeling the need to retreat so much and it's uncomfortable for you feeling like well one, it's uncomfortable for you to kind of break this rule for yourself of eating in the bedroom, but also because you're kind of being forced to hide as well. It doesn't feel good to hide in a place where you're really living. I know, because my place seems unlivable, too. I think I just have to hold out another two months until September.
19392	You'd feel less dependent on him for your day. Yeah. Except I... Yeah. I'm still not up for the past three weeks have stuck with the one application a week. You've gotten that in? Yep. Good job. Except that I have been gone and I actually did get two e-mails from two different physicians that I applied to that I did not get the position. But you don't... You have control of the sending it in piece.
19419	Because on the one hand I just cannot do this anymore, like I can't do this for five more seconds. On the other hand it's okay because I need to take care of him and he needs my help right now and he's my husband and he's really struggling but it's just like he won't get the help he needs. Actually Ramona, you're struggling too. But it doesn't matter! It does to me. But it doesn't even... Listen, it does to me. It does matter, it does matter.
19548	It's usually there. A lot of the stuff that I talked about a long time ago like the checking after flushing the toilet, usually that doesn't happen so much anymore. So that's a difference in your daily life, your having to combat things like that? Yeah. Maybe because I'm not feeling depressed every single day,
19718	However, when one comes up with very clear "shoulds"... You kind of see... ...And you're not in a feeling of depression for days and months, and weeks... Right. ...It is fairly safe to assume that it is not the biochemical, but your "shoulds" that are creating or largely creating it. True. That makes sense, yeah. You know? It is it
19939	Yeah. I'm really glad he finally got over the whole not seeing the doctor thing and then he's like, "Should I go in for an actual check up?" And I'm like, "Yes. You haven't had one in three years." So like sometimes we make progress but sometimes we still fight and like, you know, I was just so afraid on Saturday that like, you know, maybe we'll never be able to figure it out. And like I don't know a good solution other than don't sad mad when I'm mad or like have to keep everything in until I feel more calm which like I guess is the mature adult thing to do. But like I feel like then I don't get to accurately
20090	her out for dinner a few days later for her birthday and she clearly was like, I don't know if she was offended by that conversation but said, ‘oh, no, no, no, you don't have to do that.' And then he like said he didn't actually take her out for his birthday. They're hard things to have happen at the same time. And then we didn't take her out because he like couldn't even walk to Staples. Not under your control or his.
20110	I wake up anxious during the night and sometimes must check things in the house like the windows, doors, coffee pot, and lights in the garage and closets. Then I try to go back to sleep and sometimes I lay awake for hours. So yes, my sleep is interrupted by the checking. Do these actions seem reasonable to you or more than you should be doing? Do you spend more time on these than you would like to? I feel that I must do everything three times.
20149	You don't have total control over what happens. Which is really annoying. I guess maybe I should be getting a spare pair, but I don't actually have my prescription now. Then again, I guess it's been over two years since I've gotten these so I probably am due for . . . and I guess now that my parents aren't paying for all the medical stuff, I don't know that I can afford an optometrist. I don't even know if my health insurance covers it so . . . I know what your benefits are, what made these decisions.
20286	Is James at home or out somewhere? He’s at home. Yeah. Did you watch anything yesterday? I don’t know. It don’t matter. No. Are you sure of that? Yeah. I of making it through the weekend. Yeah. I know I continue to put the decision about this in your hands, but I assume,
20665	James, you know, at the end of the day thanked me for taking care of myself. You know, for actually just saying, "Well, I'm not going to be able to get anything done today. I just need to take a day off." Yeah. But I felt so bad. I hate that. Yeah, I hate myself when I'm like that. I don't know why I can't just get over it or push through it or something. Yeah,
20716	This is why I'm having a hard time at this one. Because of your demand that you should be perfect? Yes. So I apologize for not being able to come up with the perfect answer right now. But that is obviously how I torture myself throughout the day.
20817	One of the major symptoms of hyperthyroidism is increased anxiety and one of the major symptoms of hypothyroidism is tiredness and depression. For awhile I don't remember if I told you this, but for awhile she hadn't had the thyroid nodes checked in months and finally did get them checked and she had hyperthyroid numbers, which is the result of essentially taking too much of the thyroid medicine.
20946	I made one when I was a kid but I remember nothing about making it other than I won the silliest car, funniest car. I made, like, a Dotson, you know. I don't even remember why it was funny. Ian wants to win the silliest car but we're not making a silly car. I don't know. OK, I think you could do a fine job if you spent, you know, 20 or 30 minutes on Google and YouTube. When am I going to do that? Maybe took a trip to, like...
21067	It was a short time. And the good news I know we have to come to an end now in this session, but the good news was that I did actually speak to him the next day, and he was angry at me because I didn't actually reach out to tell him that I was going to the doctor. And I used your tactic to tell him that I wasn't going right away
21130	because like you know when I take the medicine at night that I'm supposed to take at night that's supposed to help with the panic you know, and then an hour later I'm still panicking. Maybe it's not I would have been panicking even more and maybe I'm panicking less but I'm just panicking so much that I can't tell the difference. Sometimes - You know like if my panic level was at 200 and now is at like 250 and so - Right. Maybe you don't notice the difference. Absolutely. Yeah.
21137	Like, yeah, there'll be both of these things. You'll have to deal with some bad things, but there'll be good things. Well, it's not been a whole lot of good things, so... What are you thinking about? I was thinking about the other difficult part of it, which was the family entire. In the entire scope of the weekend I didn't... So Tanya's father and her sister both come to visit us in Andover, but I haven't seen or really spoken with either of them in five or six months. So...
21246	You would think that I was going somewhere but . . . I know this is how Amanda works, so that also makes it hard. She has much more polarity than I do, in some ways. So I feel like sometimes I talk to her from time to time and it will be like she just has this completely different idea of what her life looks like in one conversation than a week later.
21503	Yeah. Part of this thing where I’m sort of like “waffle waffle” on is, sci-fi conventions vary a lot, and Arisia is definitely, I don’t know how to say it. It’s kind of rowdy. It’s a little bit rowdy, it’s a little bit drunk. It’s kind of focused on sex a little bit. Which comes under the long boring 25-year argument with another sci-fi convention in the area. So… So there is more of
21627	But I'm kind of a little sad about theater department. I went to see my roommate yesterday and she said she keeps they keep finding people. But some for some reason these people don't want my room. So I've already paid for the December rent without actually living there. And I've paid for the January rent also. I feel really bad about this. Just working out $800, $900 a month without like sort of just wasted. So... I mean the reason why I wanted to leave the place I mean, we've talked about all of the
21677	I was thinking that. It's not like you guys have to stay here because you both have jobs here and you can't leave. It's true. For a while we were here because Tanya was going to school. And then we were here because Tanya had Chad here and it has been hard for her to find a therapist with whom she can work well, or at least it seemed hard to her.
21723	Sorry, I assume that was your lunch. Oh, that’s all right, don’t worry. No, I don’t really“Hey – hey, it’s Tanya. Hey are you there? James? Yeah, okay, sorry. I’m still at therapy. Chad wants me to go to ER, so can you come over? Okay, thanks. Thanks.” Do you know how long he’ll be? Probably ten minutes.
22030	And for most of us our heart rate will go up and down all through the day, but most of us don’t worry about it because we don’t notice it, but because you’ve had a panic attack, you’re there thinking ’ooh what’s my heart doing?’, Yeah. And then the minute it starts to change you clock it, you notice it, and then you start to get anxious thoughts, so you might start worrying. I really do start worrying, yes so I keep thinking is it going to be now, you know is my heart going to stop beating.
22069	Jess just needs to get her stupid clients to call the right number, you know. I tell her about it but I'm sure she forgets that she's got it, you know. Hopefully the person that they have an appointment with is good at diagnosing this stuff or is able — Well, there's a six month wait to see this person, so they're clearly a specialist, you know. Right. Alright, whatever.
22141	which is kind of like, it’s really harder to describe. It definitely cemented in my mind that I don’t think I like, at least right now I am not liking that genre of convention, like, which is, I love the costuming that people do, but about half the other things, I was just like no. I just... like having programming running, like, all through the night. So they’re doing gaming and movies. Twenty-four hours.
22216	Yes. So you're doing your job. Yeah. And the temp agency hasn't come through with anything yet? No. I'm going to call... I mean, they sent they said like skipped a week of Christmas and New Years. Right. Mm hmm. So I'm going to call, I don't know, maybe tomorrow or something but they've not come through with anything yet. I will follow up and put it on your list that one of your jobs is to follow up with them tomorrow. Yeah.
22436	a few more breaths memorizing what it feels like to be as relaxed as you are and when you feel ready let yourself carry that feeling back with you to the room taking it with you. Good job. And I will see you in two weeks or a week and a half, that's a Friday. At 3:30. At 3:30, yeah. We're back to old fashioned
23124	The affair mostly took place during the war. She broke it off with him completely unexpectedly a year and a half ago and he's been basically grieving her ever since. He's kind of a terrible person so he's super jealous of her and hates her and hates her husband. He's hiring a private detective to track her because he thinks she's sleeping with somebody else now. I'd forgotten that it's essentially a book about God.
23307	That’s a really uncomfortable five minutes. It can feel like a really long time when you’re feeling that sad. This morning, I just sort of realized that because it was my birthday and Sydney was…we stayed up late the night before, like we were going to go out and do this and then he like couldn’t go to sleep, and like, you know. He didn’t bother taking an Ambien or you know, Nyquil or whatever
23413	And it's just going to be it's going to waste too much time. So weeks, months I don't really have that shouldn't do that right now at this stage. What do you think the explosives represented? I don't know. Well, now that I'm describing the dream, I'm struck by the whole deceptive aspect of the things. They looked normal. And maybe that's how I feel like stuff comes across as you know,
23534	- Right, and that could be affecting me. So just to make sure I’ve got the right way around it, it began 6 months ago, pressure at work, Yeah You went to town, you had the first of these attacks, and then since then you’ve had some more of them. Yeah, yeah And now it’s kind of got to the point where you don’t want to go out. I don’t, no... You don’t go to town by yourself. No, I don’t want to risk it to be honest.
23948	Not days like in the last several months, but that's because there has been a sense in which the Tanya I would have those conversations with, hasn't existed in the last several months. There is a sense in which she really is there again. So, yeah, those are conversations that would be good to have as conversations and not just me telling her that she needs to take this medication.
23970	Which is - 40 days. It’s not really one I can talk about with people. People are like, “What are you giving up for Lent?” Like that’s something people actually ask, which I don’t know, I feel like I’m only now realizing like how glaringly inappropriate that question is. Like if they’re asking intrusive questions, then that would be a lie. Then you make your point.